Changed structure to separate presentations from discussion summaries… (#2)
nimh-dsst/lunch-and-learn: README.md

# lunch-and-learn

Summaries of the information discussions and formal presentations that occur during DSST's Lunch and Learns. Every Tuesday at 12 PM Eastern Time.

> ## Disucssions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Discussions
```

### IDEs

> DSST and friends discuessed which IDEs were commonly used. Other topics included the Pandas query method, interest in the polars python library, and a discussion on documentation tools MakeTheDocs and Jupyter Book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DSST and friends discussed which IDEs were commonly used. Other topics included the [Pandas query](https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.query.html) method, interest in the [polars python](https://pola.rs/) library, and a discussion on documentation tools like [ReadTheDocs](https://about.readthedocs.com/) (which can use [mkdocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/) or [sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/#) under the hood) and [Jupyter Book](https://jupyterbook.org/en/stable/intro.html).
```
